OK so now that the full architecture of the neural network is clearly defined you know with the input
layer the first layer of the 64 neurons and the second hidden layer of the 32 neurons.
And finally the output layer composed of the five possible actions.
Well we have to assemble everything and to do that we're going to create an object of the model class
which will take two arguments.
The first one will be the input which will be our states here.
And the second one will be the output which will be our Q values and that's only what we have to do
to assemble everything since indeed the q values here are the result from its full connection with the
previous hidden layer.
Why that was created here.
Which itself is the result from the full connection with the first layer X and eventually same since
x is the result of a full connection with the states.
No our input states which are going to be the first input of this middle class well this will assemble
everything inside this model object.
And speaking of this model object that's exactly our next step here to create it.
And so we're going to introduce a new variable here that we're going to call Norrell and that will exactly
be this model itself but be careful since now we're about to get the final not all that you know will
be the brain itself the artificial brain.
Well of course this model has to be an object variable and that's why I'm using our model here as an
object variable.
That is a variable of our future brain's object which will be created afterwards for the training actually
will only create one.
But if we're doing the same for another server we can create another brain.
That's what is important to understand.
Know what we only want to use later is dismal itself.
And these were just to create the final architecture of this model and therefore we didn't have to introduce
these variables as Object Variables.
So in other words these are just some local variables only used here to build a model.
OK so solve that model which will be an object of the model class which will take as arguments as we
said.
First the inputs which will be of course are states and the outputs which as we said arguing to be the
q values and perfect that assembles everything are right now next and final step indeed after we assemble
everything we have to compel the model with two essential elements.
The first one is the last function that will compute the error between the predictions that is the cube
values and the toilet which will compute in the deep learning process in that specific document byte
and foul.
And then the second essential element will be of course.
Well the only thing missing here is that we haven't used yet.
I'm talking of course about the optimizer which will be an atom optimizer.
That's the only remaining two things we have to do and to do this well we're going to take our model
that we just created.
And in fact from this model last you know since middle class it has some method and one of these methods
is called compile and it is a method that will connect your model to the last function and an optimizer
and to get that method we just need to add a dot here and then compile.
And since this compound that will just connect your model to the last function and the optimizer and
will not return anything.
Well that's why we don't have to create a new variable here.
As a result of what's going to happen here.
No we were just doing this to attach to our model a last function in an atom optimizer.
And so let's start with the last function for which the argument name is less and important thing to
understand here.
What is going to be the last to figure out what it is we need to understand.
What are new and that work will return.
Remember it will return the q values for each of the five possible actions here it will not return these
indexes themselves.
Instead it will return their q values and their q values are actually float numbers and therefore what
we're doing here with this neural network is not classification you know returning a category or a class.
We're doing regression because we are returning a continuous numerical outcome and for that reason the
best laws that we have to use here and connect to our model is called the mean square error and very
simply it will be the mean of the squares of the differences between the predictions and the target
and the targets will be that in our next degree when implementation fall where we will implement the
deep learning process an algorithm.
But here's the deal.
Since we are predicting some continuous outcomes because the queue values our float numbers Well we
are dealing with regression and therefore we have to use a mean square errorless which has the key identifier.
MSE All right so this is all part of the Cara's API.
And this is the most classic but very effective to use for regression.
OK and then that's it for the last.
Now the optimizer which will be an atom optimizer.
So there is a great section in the carries the condition that explains and gives more details and what
is at an optimizer.
What's most important to understand is the role of this optimizer that is what it will do.
Well what it will do is that it will back propagate this last area between the operations and the target
back into the neural network you know through back propagation from right to left.
So after we get the predictions we generate the last area between the operations and target the last
error is back propagated through the neural network and then the atom optimizer will update each of
these wait through stochastic grid in the sense to reduce the loss.
And therefore since reducing the loss implies some predictions closer to the target.
This will improve the predictions and iteration by iteration our AI will play better and better actions
and therefore doing some better and better regulations of the surface temperature.
So that's how it works in a few words.
And that's the role of the optimizer and to create this atom optimizer.
Well as we said we going to created as an object of the Atom class.
And so that's why here I'm taking the Atom class.
And since this is a class it's going to take some arguments here just one Can you guess what it is.
Well there is one thing we haven't used yet is of course the learning rate which again would be the
speed at which your model will learn how to perform better and better actions.
So the higher the learning rate the higher we'll be updated the ways by you know this at an optimizer
and therefore the faster it will learn.
But maybe not the best way.
And the lowers the learning rate the lower will be the update of the weight by this Annam optimizer
slower this model is going to learn.
And so good value here is this one open or one.
Again you can choose that learning parameter and test some other values.
But for our specific case study this will work very well.
So we're going to improve that single argument year.
And the name of the argument the name of the parameter in this Atom class for the learning right is
an R and so r will be cool to our learning rate entered as the argument here and perfect.
We're done with this brain class creating our artificial brain.
Congratulations.
Basically you just built this and I'm sure now you know how to create any other architectures you know
if you want to add a third layer.
You have to make a third full connection here by creating that variable before you link them to the
final output containing the values.
And then you know very easily you can change the number of neurons in the hidden layers.
That's very easy.
And that's thanks to this amazing Karris API.
So congrats again.
Now you know how to build an artificial brain.
And now that we have our artificial brain for our specific case City Well we are ready to implement
the deep learning process and we'll build the advanced version of deep learning because we will integrate
experience play which will improve the performance.
So that's our next step in this general AI framework and we'll take care of that next step in the next
couple of tutorials.
Until then enjoy AI.